# Ministry of Public Image
## Order to Standardize Publication of Orders
2023-02-02

### Article 1: Publication and Archive
**Section 1:** All orders shall be easily accessible to the public.

**Section 2:** All orders shall be published to the same repository where this Order is published.

### Article 2: Format
**Section 1:** All orders shall be written using Markdown markup language.

**Section 2:** All orders shall be saved with filename extension as ".md" and using UTF-8 encoding. 

### Article 3: Newline
In all orders, the newline notation in Markdown shall be two newlines. 

### Article 4: Filename
All files containing the order shall be named starting with the ministry where the order was given, follow by a hyphen, and follow by the order number.

### Article 5: Order Number
**Section 1:** Order number shall be an incrementing number, starting with zero, and increase by one every time another order is published by the same ministry.

**Section 2:** Order number be four digits long.

### Article 6: Order Layout
**Section 1:** In this Article, without explicitly mention, all lines shall be standard normal text lines.

**Section 2:** Using heading 1, the first line shall be the ministry where the order was issued.
**Section 3:** Using heading 2, the next line shall be the order title.

**Section 4:** The next line shall be the day the order was issued.

### Article 7: Section Title
**Section 1:** The arrangement of section title shall be: part, article, section, and clause

**Section 2:** Part can be omitted if the ministry deems it unnecessary.

**Section 3:** Article use one heading lower than part, or if without part, the heading lower than the smallest in the document at the first article.

**Section 4:** Section uses bold notation at the "Section" then followed by a number, close by a colon, before ending the notation.

**Section 5:** Clause can use italic notation, using the same manner as a section.

### Amending an Order
Amendments shall be made at the end of the order, along with the adjustment of the order text.

### Repeal of an Order
To repeal an order, an amendment shall be made explixitly state that the order is repealed. 