# The Senerean House of Commons
## Debate on painkiller regulations
2023-02-26 00:00

### Speaker
The debate today was called to debate about relaxing regulation on certain or all painkillers. Currently, many powerful painkillers were being put behind heavy regulations and laws to the point that after citizens get the permit to obtain such painkillers, the pain already impacted them a lot. The Liberal Party have the floor.

### Liberal Party
The fact that we put necessary painkillers behind the locked cupboard of bureaucracy is disgusting. Legalizing painkillers not only make such drug easy to access, but it also help citizens to get what they need at the moment notice. We move that this Parliament eliminate all restriction in painkillers.

### Conservative Party
Painkillers are not the only option for our citizens. Instead of providing direct painkillers to our citizens, we proposed that our government show our citizens a different path, a path where we don't depends on chemical substances to deal with health issues. We suggest that this Parliament adjust our healthcare policy to stress cognitive behavioral therapy, acupuncture, and other non-pharmacological interventions.

### Liberal Party
The Conservative Party is suggesting that instead of using a quick and on-time method, we should use a much longer treatment that require lengthy process to see the result. Many pains need to ease right away, and severe pain can leads to suicide. Long-term support is a must, but to actually think for the future we must start consider the present. The pain that many patients have to go through is extremely harsh, and by giving them a moment of relief, we can keep them with us mucch longer, and therefore giving them proper treatment after.

### Conservative Party
Painkillers are necessities in medical treatment, so what we are doing is giving it to the proper organization to handle it! Having painkillers as a widely-available product may result in abuse. The primary purpose of medicine is to cure disease, not to enable addiction! One action might result in other results follow it; as Members of Parliament, we must consider every posibility and examine the outcomes very carefully.

### Liberal Party
One of the main thing that we discussed recently is reducing tax! Have the Conservative forgot that? Moreover, the problem of addiction is what the Conservative Party is imagining, because why using painkillers, when we can use a much safer method of getting to climax with Safe Injection and Exchange Site? Our government already built a safety net for every possible situation like this, so releasing painkillers to the market will not affect healthcare system.

### Prime Minister
After both parties complete the discussion, I believe that relaxing regulations on painkillers will be a good call from our government, because it will reduce tax and there isn't any great effect on citizens' recreational drug usage. Moreover, it will reduce wait time on any more important drugs that in high-demand and also allow citizens to access that they think is the best for themselves. 