# The Senerean Hourse of Commons
## Tainted Tattoos issue
2023-02-19 14:00

### The Speaker
There has been a rise in infection rates across the country from unsterilized tattoo needles. Please all parties state their case and solution on this matter.

### Liberal Party
Senerean is the top nation about health and safety in our union—that was the government top priority for the last few years. Despite we are facing constraints in our budget, we have to remember that the safety of our citizens is extremely important for Senerean's future. That's why our party proposed a solution: the government must regulate and require license to all tattoos artist. This not only ensure the best interest to all people who are passionate with this form of art, it also give the government a chance to prove that we do care to the minority. We give the floor back to the Speaker.

### Conservative Party
We understand that it is crucial for the government to ensure the safety and well-being of citizens. However, we have to remember that just a few week ago, the Liberal Party promised to reduce the average income tax from 60% to 40%. Well... a week after that statement, our tax already increased to 65%! If we keep going like this, we will eventually undo our past efforts and become a country where there is no disposable income! When will we draw a line? The government must seriously consider this is the very end and leave the free market do its job; our citizens are smart enough to choose the right option for themselves. If we keep caring for every small actions like this, we will eventually reach to the point where our government is the freedom jail for our own citizens!

### Liberal Party
How many tax percecntage this issue will decrease, by not helping our citizens? The humanity cost will outdone the monetary cost, which make it unjustifiable. In no way our government should sacrifice the people's need just to give others a few extra seners to spend!

### Conservative Party
And how many people unable to make a decision by themself, by not researching the artist before hand? We have to remind the government about what they promised, and spend every seners wisely.

### Government: Prime Minister
We understand the necessary to keep the citizens safe from all dangers, but we also understand the freedom of choice that is available to each citizens. We further understand the fact that our government should extend that freedom of choice and increase the disposable income margin of each citizens. We acknowledge the necessary safety that the government should provide to each citizens, but we admit that the suggested action will not able to acchive the necessary result the government hoped for.

Therefore, the Government agree and follow the Conservative Party's solution to reduce state interference in this matter and let each citizens decide on their appropiate option for tattoo service.

# The Senerean Senate
## Debate on method of attending F2SBC conference
2023-02-19 15:00

### The Speaker
Continuing the debate from yesterday, the Head of State have a word. You have the floor.

### The Head of State
Thank you Mr. Speaker.

As I promised yesterday, I already asked for extra funding from my parents, and they granted us their secondary phone with the condition to return after that conference. This is a relief that I want to inform the Senate right away. The plan to attend that conference is going on the 16 bus like usual, then take the Skytrain to go home. That means I will have to walk the rest 600m while attending the meeting, but as the Liberal Party's recommendation, it will make me relate to nature. Of course, that also means I will join that meeting on the Skytrain and face the possibility of crowded train, but that is much safer that bringing Idea-chan with me. That also means this solution will let Idea-chan stay and home and wait for me to come back to attend the conference. One drawback of this solution that I can think of is we cannot get any information on the badminton club, but it is a slight compromise for every other benefits. With that being said, I herby declare this debate was resolved.

### The Speaker
The Debate on method of attending F2SBC conference, started on 2020-02-18 was resolved.