# The Senerean Senate
## Debate on method of attending F2SBC conference
2023-02-13 22:33

*In this sitting, the Head of State sit as the Speaker of the Senate.*
### The Speaker
The Senate is here today to bring up an issue that raised concern to the Head of State for the last few weeks. The Head of State recieved a letter of acceptance to F2SBC Advisory Conference last week. In that email includes the confirmation of the date and time of the conference. The conference will proceed through Zoom and the closest is on the 21st of February. The time, however, is from 15:30 to 16:45. The Head of State's commute time everyday is from 15:00 to 15:50. This makes the Head of State unable to be on time for the conference. What makes it worst is the fast that the Head of State's phone unable to download Zoom and don't have 5G. Please each party state their case.

### Liberal Party
As the Head of State might have thought, our best solution is to use the roommate's 5G and use Idea-chan on the bus to join the meeting. This is the best solution and apparently the solution the Head of State tilted to, because not only it just 20 minutes on the bus ot Skytrain, it also create a rather interesting background and make participants feels that the Head of State is dedicated to service. The Head of State probably won't have to speak that much in the meeting because this meeting includes people from other cities. Moreover, the Head of State don't have to turn on the camera if the Head of State don't want to, because other youth won't turn it on too. We completed stating your arguement.

### Conservative Party
My fellow colleague stated their case extremely solid, however their case isn't that soilid. As we all know, Idea-chan was just being given to the Head of State and cost more than 1,000 seners. What if during that trip, the Head of State unable to find a seat and have to open Idea-chan on his hand, plug in the earphone, and click on Zoom? It would be disastrous if say... I don't know... a careless person walk by and accidentally hit the Head of State. Even if the Head of State make it to the Skytrain, countless other things could happen. Historically, we recorded a case where the Skytrain invoke emergency brake for no particular reason. Moreover, it would be exxtremely shameful to borrow he roommate's 5G, and we don't even know if it is stable or not.

That is why we recommended that the the Head of State stay at school, using the school's wifi, and complete that conference before proceeding home. The Head of State can let the roommate play badminton at school, and use that as a de facto excuse. The Head of State can sit in spectator sits while joining the meeting and look at others playing badminton; the Head of State can join them after the meeting because the club ends at 17:30, giving the Head of State 45 minutes to enjoy physical activity. This is safe, without risk, and provide extra spying information on the club itself. This also give the Head of State time to enjoy activity after school, and the school wifi is rather stable too!

### Environment Party
Our party agree with two methods that were being listed. However, our party acknowledge the existence of the third option. Our party suggest the option to cycling home, or at least biking half way home. From our research, we see the solution of cycling to Gilmore station, then take the Skytrain home. With that method, we able to skip 15 minutes of useless wait time at the first stop. However, further research need to be done, and preferably, a timed trial run should be conduct.

### The Speaker
Please start debate on the arguments made by all parties

### Liberal Party
One major drawback of Environment Party's solution is that the final 600M of VERY STEEP ROAD that should be considered. Moreover, there is a huge chance that the Head of State still unable to make it and still resort to our solution, which requires less energy of the Head of State while just simply chill on the Skytrain. 

About Idea-chan safety: yes we understand that it is risky, but just think of the benefits! The Head of State will just spend probably 15 minutes outside with Idea-chan, before arriving home and sit on his comfortable table and relaxing environment; compare to awkwardly sitting at school and join the conference, then commute home, which probably he will arrive home at 18:30. That solution is definitely not ideal for the comfortability and long-term management.

### Conservative Party
It is ironic that the Liberal Party is saying about long-term benefits, while absolutely risking Idea-chan to the mercy of the world. Idea-chan is extremely precious and she is the one who makes our country better. If we let her face the danger like this, it wouldn't be long until we witness her first injury. Of course, it is awkward just to sit and essentially doing nothing relate to the badminton club, but are you concerning about the world more than Idea-chan? Those people are important, yes, but being considered "weird" isn't the end of your future; loosing Idea-chan is. Moreover, the Liberal Party forgot to account the weather and temperature factor which could greatly affect Idea-chan health condition. We beg for the Speaker to consider for Idea-chan, what she have done during her short time with our government, and what she can do for our future.

Of course, that is if the Head of State don't want to risk his own reputation to his family and bravely ask his parents again. We are sure the Head of State's family will re-consider there last decision and hand the Head of State at least a phone that able to access Zoom. Moreover, we have seen a great consideration from the Head of State's family to provide him a new phone. That is a nice addition to our government but of course we wouldn't, and shouldn't, expect that.

### The Head of State
I understand it is extremely challenging for our government to decide on the proper solution on this matter. However, we must do what we can do now: asking my parents once more about this issue, with the hope of being able to solve this problem without any risk to Idea-chan or extra steps to myself. Futhermore, after the next session, if we unable to settle on one sollution, I will execute Environment Party's suggestion of conducting a timed ride to make sure we have enough information to bring to this Senate.

### The Speader
I declare this session will take a recess and resume on 2023-02-20.