# From The Government of Senerean
#      Ministry of Land Development
# To Omnomnom
#    Minecraft username: omnomnom
#    Minecraft alternative account username: omnomnom
#    Discord username: omnomnomnomm
Dear Omnomnom,
Following the most recent incident where an unexpected flood consumed most of the shoreline and create devastating destruction inland, the Ministry of Land Development was created by the Government of Senerean. Our main purpose is to document all of the existing builds in Senerean to respond to future crises and register new builds. For that purpose, we developed a system to track all of the builds in Senerean which can be used for administration.
Our new system issues a 6-character ID for every build. That ID can be used to search for the chunks, surrounding road, owner, and build type. As compensation for the lack of historical coverage, all builds before the 24th of January are allowed to choose their ID, as long as it is appropriate and doesn't conflict with other existing IDs.
From our existing documents, we recognize that you are currently the owner of the following builds:
- sakura tree;
- a shop;
- a tree that I don't know its name but is close to Jari's embassy; and
- 3 vending machines (which count as 3 different builds);
Please inform the Ministry if that list is incomplete or incorrect. 
You can select the ID for each of those builds, and those IDs are up to you if you want to publish them. The requirement for the ID is:
- 6-characters long
- isn't in the registry yet;
- all letters are capitalized;
- only numbers or English alphabet letters are allowed; and
- isn't suggestive or offensive.
Feel free to ask any questions or edit any information. Please submit all IDs as soon as possible so the Ministry can quickly enter them into the registry just in case of future problems.
Thank you for reading,
The Ministry of Land Development.