# Parliament Weekend Wednesday press conference
This afternoon, the Speaker of Parliament from both chambers organized a press conference following the new arrangement on the sitting days of the Parliament.
[table]
    [tr]
        [td]Speaker[/td]
        [td]Transcript[/td]
    [/tr]
    [tr][td]Iphone-chan[/td][td]Good afternoon the members of the public. I am here today to announce the successful passage of the Parliament order to decide on the sitting days of the Parliament, both the Senate and the House of Commons. With me is the Speaker of the House of Commons.[/td][/tr]
    [tr][td]Idea-chan[/td][td]Good afternoon, karuniroduno.[/td][/tr]
    [tr][td]Iphone-chan[/td][td]The order in question was passed after it satisfied the unprecedented requirement of a three-fourth majority to ensure absolute agreement. This order, after all, will influence the working hours of both chambers.[/td][/tr]
    [tr][td]Idea-chan[/td][td]Many Members of the Parliament agreed that the interest of the public is important, as well as making the Parliament a testimony for the new working week format that the government is suggesting the public to follow. Therefore, the order was passed.[/td][/tr]
    [tr][td]Iphone-chan[/td][td]It is necessary for us to clarify the [url=https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALaTm6VzTBw]Weeknend Wednesday[/url] format. This format, initially suggested by CGP Grey, hoped to create a working week that is less tiresome for the participants. By having Wednesday as a day off work, then continuing working until the end of Saturday, this hopes to reduce the stress from a long weekday.[/td][/tr]
    [tr][td]Idea-chan[/td][td]What happened is by off-setting the work day like that, we can provide the Members of Parliament with a day during the weekday where it is possible for them to either rest or visit businesses without interfering with the weekend. The Saturday offset also allows the people to participate in the Parliament.[/td][/tr]
    [tr][td]Iphone-chan[/td][td]Starting this week, the Parliament will now shift to a Weekend Wednesday schedule. Emergency bills and motions, as always, can be passed in emergency events regardless of time. Diplomatic trips will also be welcomed on Wednesday if necessary.[/td][/tr]
    [tr][td]Idea-chan[/td][td]We are now open to questions both directly and via the Parliament Youtube channel.[/td][/tr]
    [tr][td]------[/td][td][b]Questions from the public[/b][/td][/tr]
    [tr][td]ECNEWS (question)[/td][td]To both Speakers, there is currently a motion in debate that will create a uniform for the entire Parliament that enforce wearing on the first working day, which is Monday. Will that change when the Parliament change to the weekend Wednesday format?[/td][/tr]
    [tr][td]Idea-chan (answer)[/td][td]As that motion is currently being debate and the uniform is designed by the House of Commons, allow me to answer that question. The answer is yes, there will be changes on when we would wear the uniform. Right now, the general consensus is that the Parliament would wear the uniform on Monday and on Saturday since right now we expect to welcome citizens on Saturday. We want to show the unity of the legislative branch through uniformity and that is probably one of the first steps.[/td][/tr]
    [tr][td]Iphone-chan[/td][td]In addition to that, because we expected to only have special events on Wednesday, the Parliament will mostly wear that uniform on Wednesday too. Thank you for your question.[/td][/tr]
    [tr][td][Youtube question] (question)[/td][td]Dear the Speakers, as you stated, this is one of the first initiative to encourage employers to switch to Weekend Wednesday, but at the same time you also said the Saturday offset will provide time allowing citizens to witness their Parliament during freetime. I personally find it rather contradicts to each other, could you please explain more on this?[/td][/tr]
    [tr][td]Iphone-chan (answer)[/td][td]That is a rather close obervation from you. Yes, I did say all of the things you stated, but it is also important to acknowledge that the government recommends much more freedom to plan for companies, and Weekend Wednesday just happened to be one of the selections that the Parliament chose based on the traditional schedule. At the end of the day, the government does not suggest one single schedule for everybody, but we suggest the freedom of personalization.[/td][/tr]
    [tr][td]Nuvak Broadcasting Centre (question)[/td][td]This is an out-of-topic question, but may I ask for Idea-chan's comment on the recent discovery of the typo "Hourse of Commons" on the parliamentary Hansard?[/td][/tr]
    [tr][td]Idea-chan[/td][td][i][laugh][/i] errrmmm...[/td][/tr]
    [tr][td]Iphone-chan[/td][td]Well... for those who don't know the context, this morning a Member of the House of Common raised attention to all headers of the Hansards of Parliament: all of them are "Hourse of Commons". This typo started in late February and because we use templates when writing Hansards, it happened to copy everywhere until now. We fixed it on the official government repository one hour after its discovery by find-and-replace.[/td][/tr]
    [tr][td]Idea-chan (answer)[/td][td]As for my comment, I have to say that is a pure mistake that went unnoticed for quite a while. I just say that we fixed it and trying to find if there is another similar issue.[/td][/tr]
    [tr][td][Discord user] (question)[/td][td]Why did this [order] require 3/4 majority in both houses?[/td][/tr]
    [tr][td]Idea-chan (answer)[/td][td]Allow me to clarify: Iphone-chan didn't mean a three-fourth majority, that is a mixup to her next planned speech about the skirt itself. As you can see, we are both excited about it so that is why the mix-up happened.[/td][/tr]
    [tr][td]Iphone-chan[/td][td]Yes, as you can see here I also accidentally brought here the draft of the dress that was mostly agreed by the majority of the Parliament. I think... the initial person who asked the question also questioned the possibility that we might be able to pass the skirt design. We understand that is a high expectation and again, this is not an official requirement but again, it is just an expectation, a tiny hope of unity for our massive nation. [i][pause][/i] Since there is now no question directly addressing the press conference, we will end this conference here. Thank you for attending, and have a nice day.[/td][/tr]
    [tr][td]Idea-chan[/td][td]Thank you, arinato nada kakuniroduno.[/td][/tr]
[/table]